Add logs monitoring content (#129)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/configure-logs-sources.asciidoc

[[configure-data-sources]]
= Configure data sources

> The source configuration for logs is specified in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the source configuration for logs in the
```

{kibana-ref}/logs-ui-settings-kb.html[{logs-app} settings] in the
{kibana-ref}/settings.html[Kibana configuration file].
By default, the configuration uses the `filebeat-*` index pattern to query the data.
The configuration also defines field settings for things like timestamps
and container names, and the default columns displayed in the logs stream.

If your logs have custom index patterns, use non-default field settings, or contain

> parsed fields which you want to expose as individual columns, you can override the

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
parsed fields that you want to expose as individual columns, you can override the
```
